[MUSIC]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so
knowing what we know now about map.
Maybe it makes more sense instead of
using each, to rewrite this using map.
So that's our next step and I'll give you
about five minutes to get started with.
Transiting each function into the map
function, that saves all of our
animal objects into our farm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
so what's the first thing
that we need to do here?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Maybe do _.map.
What are we gonna map over,
do you known John?
>> Speaker 2: The animal names.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
No, I ran out of animal names.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we're mapping over
the animal names.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What
function do we want to put here?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What was it?
>> [SOUND]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: No, this is speak.
No we definitely want to
call AnimalMaker somewhere.
>> Speaker 3: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Hmm?
>> Speaker 3: If you
just pass in AnimalMaker,
map is gonna call it with the name.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's true.
Let's do it out the long way and
then we'll all clean it up.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So we're passing,
what's being passed here?
>> Speaker 4: Name of the animal.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then what did we
want to do next?
>> Speaker 4: Call AnimalMaker with that
name.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, absolutely,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then what else?
There's a couple,
small, minor things that we need to do.
>> Speaker 5: Well,
we gotta put in the farm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: Which you can do farm
=
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And one last but very,
very important thing.
>> Speaker 6: Return.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep, we need to return
it.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Awesome.
So now we see we've kind
of condensed a line or so.
We have our animal names.
We're passing each name,
and we're returning it.
And now we don't have to do this extra
operation which is pushing it to the farm.
It just happens automatically,
which is awesome.
And and as John mentioned,
we can even go a step further and
not even have this function and we could
just put AnimalMaker directly here.
Then it will just call it with
the name as the first parameter.
So in fact we can just leave it like that.
And that's even shorter.
And then we can see, if you understand
the mechanics of how an app works,
you know already that we're
using animalNames and
you're making an animal
with each animal name.
So that even makes it more clear
to yourself and you're looking
back at the code, and you're like,
what does this code do again, I forgot.
Or your colleagues are going
to pick up code after you.
And that's super common, everyone pretty
much uses it and should understand it.
Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 2: So
I'm confused by what the return value
AnimalMaker is, it's an object, right?
But what?
>> Speaker 2: I guess I'm confused
how this is working.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Sure, so
whatever this function returns is
gonna be stored as an array, and
then we're gonna store that array,
it's gonna be farm.
So map here is going to return an array of
whatever the callback function returns.
So our callback function is AnimalMaker.
So for the first loop,
the first iteration with Sallie,
we're going to call AnimalMaker.
We're going to pass the value, right?
The value is Sallie, so
that's the name to the AnimalMaker.
We enter into this function body and we
turning an object with one property on it.
That's the property called speak and
which is a function
that all does is console.log my name is,
and it said it's name.
But, we're not,
we're not calling speak right?
No, you're not calling speaker,
you're calling AnimalMaker and
it's returning this.
>> Speaker 7: We're
not doing anything with the animals
once they get back into
the farm array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Not yet.
>> Speaker 7: So that's why I
think we're kind of struggling with.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.
>> Speaker 7: The name of the function is
AnimalMaker, yet it's really making
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's making
animal objects.
>> Speaker 6: So it's storing the animal
objects in the array?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, and
we're giving our animals
the ability to speak.
So if we never use this function,
we'd all have just really quiet animals.
>> Speaker 7: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Which might be better,
I don't know.
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Now if you did
access, let's say the first
index of the farm, list,
it'll basically spit out in the console,
hi my name is whatever that first tally or
whatever.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm.
Mm-hm.
So we can just go ahead and delete this.
And we can run this code and
we can kind of look at it.
And so it's important,
wherever you're running this code,
that you have the underscore
library included.
Because it's a library,
if you just run it on any site.
These methods aren't available but
luckily we know for
sure that the underscore library
site has underscore on it.
That'd be funny if it didn't, but.
And so let's check out our farm.
So we see our farm is three different
objects with the speak function on it.
And then if we wanted someone in our
farm to speak what we could do is we
could say the first one.speak and
it says my name is Sally and
then we could try the next one and
it will say their name.
Like that.
And we can investigate, let's just
an object with one property, speak.
Is that clear?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
for those on chat who are asking
about the explicit return,
we are explicitly
returning something here.
And then also inside of the map _map
function.It's also returning in there, so